WIP: pfe-navigation next (#963)
patternfly/patternfly-elements: elements/pfe-navigation/documentation/implementation.md

# Implementation

> If there are any questions, issues, feel there's something missing, please contact the CPFED Group.

## Adding scripts and styles
Follow the [instructions from Patternfly Elements to get the javascript added to the page](https://patternfly.github.io/patternfly-elements/getting-started/).

Add the fallback stylesheet, which covers non-JS users and initial page load nicities:
```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="PATH/TO/pfe-navigation--lightdom.css" type="text/css">
```

## Adding HTML

The bare minimum skeleton HTML is:

```html
<!-- These links should be directly after <body> -->

> <a href="#pfe-navigation" class="visually-hidden">Skip to navigation</a>

Reviewer: Why is the skip-navigation outside the component?

<!-- !! Update anchor link to main/content -->
<a href="#ADD-ID-TO-MAIN" class="visually-hidden">Skip to content</a>

> <pfe-navigation id="pfe-navigation">

Reviewer: Rather than duplicate the pfe-navigation tag and the nav tag which are essentially communicating the same semantics, why not use `<pfe-navigation  role="navigation" aria-label="Main navigation">`?  This gives you more stylistic control over the children and makes it easier to use slots for the sections below instead of relying on developers to use the right classes in the right order.

  <nav class="pfe-navigation" aria-label="Main Navigation">
    <div class="pfe-navigation__logo-wrapper" id="pfe-navigation__logo-wrapper">
      <a href="/" class="pfe-navigation__logo-link">
        <!-- !! Update logo src -->
        <img
          class="pfe-navigation__logo-image"
          src="assets/redhat--reverse.svg" width="400" alt="Redhat"
        />
      </a>
    </div>
    <ul class="pfe-navigation__menu" id="pfe-navigation__menu">
      <li class="pfe-navigation__menu-item">
        <a href="#LINK-TO-CONTENT" class="pfe-navigation__menu-link">
          Menu Link 1
        </a>
      </li>

      <li class="pfe-navigation__menu-item">
        <a href="#LINK-TO-CONTENT" class="pfe-navigation__menu-link">
          Menu Link 2
        </a>
      </li>

      <li class="pfe-navigation__menu-item">
        <a href="#LINK-TO-CONTENT" class="pfe-navigation__menu-link">
          Menu Link 3
        </a>
      </li>

      <li class="pfe-navigation__menu-item">
        <a href="#LINK-TO-CONTENT" class="pfe-navigation__menu-link">
          Menu Link 4
        </a>
      </li>
    </ul>

  </nav>
</pfe-navigation>
```

> > Unfortunately we need to make sure all of the id's and classes are correct on this level for fall back styling, functionality may break if classes or id's are missing or incorrect.

Reviewer: This is a big problem for usability in my opinion.  We've all worked with enough developers to know that any time you say, you have to do this in this order and in this exact way, there's going to be mistakes or issues.  This is why I think we need to use slots and not classes or IDs to set up the component.

### Adding dropdowns to the menu
To add a dropdown, add the following markup inside of an `<li class="pfe-navigation__menu-item">`, but after the `<a>`, like this:

```html

> <li class="pfe-navigation__menu-item">

Reviewer: Instead of relying on classes to style the dropdown, let's create a navigation item component like we had before and support variants on them to style the widths appropriately.

  <h2>Links title</h2>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#LINK">Link text</a></li>
    <li><a href="#LINK">Link text</a></li>
    <li><a href="#LINK">Link text</a></li>
    <li><a href="#LINK">Link text</a></li>
  </ul>
</section>
```

If a group of links **does not** have a title, it's markup should be as follows:

```html
<ul>
  <li><a href="#LINK">Link text</a></li>
  <li><a href="#LINK">Link text</a></li>
  <li><a href="#LINK">Link text</a></li>
  <li><a href="#LINK">Link text</a></li>
</ul>
```

#### Making multi-column dropdown
Dropdowns are full width and multi-column by default. Styling is handled by the web component, but there are layout classes that can be added to control the layout of the dropdown.

The default layout of multi-column dropdowns is not intended to be used much, it's the default because it is a 'safe' default that won't result issues.

To create a custom column layout in a dropdown, see [Custom Dropdown Layout Documentation](custom-dropdown-layout.md).

##### Adding a footer to the multi-column dropdown
To add a full width footer, add the following markup right before the dropdown's closing tag:
```html
<div class="pfe-navigation__footer">
</div>
```

> `<pfe-cta>` is available, which will provide red hat theming and behavior, so a footer's markup could be something like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<pfe-cta>` is available, which will provide styles and behavior, so a footer's markup could be something like the following:
```

pfe-cta is not "Red Hat" theming per-say; it's part of the Design System.  I think we avoid saying it's Red Hat and focus on the PatternFly brand as much as possible to stay "upstream".
